feat(dev-portal): Key auth expiration (#4009)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dev-portal/auth-strategies.md

1. (Optional) To configure the key to expire at a certain time, do the following:
   1. Click **Advanced configuration**.
   1. In the **Key Names** field, enter a name for your key that will display in the API request header.
   1. Enable **Key expiration policy**.
   1. In the **Key expires after** dropdown menu, select the number of days, weeks, or years after which the key will expire.
1. Click **Save**.

For a complete tutorial, see [Enable key authentication for Dev Portal apps](/how-to/enable-key-auth-for-dev-portal/).

{:.info}
> **Key expiration notes:** 
> * If you configure key expiration and edit the expiration, any pre-existing keys will expire at the previous configuration value. For example, if you configure keys to expire in 14 days and then edit it so that they expire in 7 days, any pre-existing keys will expire in 14 days. 
> * You can [customize the emails](/dev-portal/customizations/dev-portal-customizations/#developer-email-customization) users receive when a key is about to expire and when a key expires by navigating to your Dev Portal, clicking **Portal Editor**, and then clicking the **Email** icon in the sidebar.

> 

Author: I've made this an include in my latest commit.

{:.info}
> **Note:** The Dev Portal doesn't create or manage IdP applications in this model. All application management is manual and handled by the developer or IdP admin.

## Set the default auth strategy of a Dev Portal

The default auth strategy of a Dev Portal will apply to any APIs that are published to that Dev Portal. If you want to override the default auth strategy, you can configure a different auth strategy on a per API basis.

1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, click **Dev Portal**.
1. Click your Dev Portal.
1. From the **Actions** dropdown menu, select "Settings". 
1. Click the **Security** tab.
1. From the **Authentication strategy** dropdown menu, select the auth strategy you want to set as the default.
1. Click **Save changes**.

## Apply an auth strategy to an API

> Once you've configured an auth strategy, you can apply it to APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring an auth strategy, you can apply it to APIs.
```
Better to avoid "once" - it's somewhere in the google style guide/most style guides because of ambiguity.
